OK let's talk about how to use carrots and Tanzer flow as a backhand in order to implement recurrent.
Now that networks networks.
Alice T.M. architecture.
So we are going to use the C conventual model as usual and we are going to have several layers.
The first layer is going to be an Alice.
Yes.
So long short term memory way to 100 units.
And because we are going to use another ISTM layer right after this one.
That's why we have to set a return sequence to be true if we do not use any less SDMI layer right after
the actual one.
We don't have to specify return sequences.
OK we are going to use a drop out.
We'd probably do 0.5 the probability 0.3 and probability 0.3.
Finally of course in the end we will have a densely connected.
Now we're all in that circle with just a single unit.
What's very important data.
This is going to be a regression problem.
So we are not going to end up with losses where the stock price went up or went down.
We are going to predict stock prices.
So numerical values.
That's why we are going to solve a regression problem.
With the help of recurrent our own networks and of course for the first layer we have to define the
shape.
So the shape is going to be the X-Trace that shape where the next one and the one because we had just
a single target are-I about.
Okay.
So this is the architecture we are going to use.
By the way feel free to modify the number of units and dropout.
Maybe you can achieve higher accuracy if you use multiple Alice T.M. layers in this implementation or
we just use Srey Alice T.M. layers with a single handedly connected now all network.
OK what's very important that we use Adam as an optimizer and because it is a regression problem.
We are going to use mean square error or as the last function.
So this is what we have been discussing in one of the previous lectures that we use means square air
or so this cost function of dealing with regression.
And we use negative Loek likelihood loss function or cross entropy loss function in other terms when
dealing with classification problems.
OK.
By the way as far as optimizers are concerned when dealing with recurrent now running networks and Alice
D.M. architecture are prop optimizer is working extremely fine.
But because the Adam optimizer is a combination of r.m.r sprawl and momentum approach that's why Adam
is the best approach possible.
But of course feel free to change optimizer what ever you prefer.
OK we are going to use a hundred app box with a bat size certitude in the next lecture we are going
to test the algorithm.
Thanks for watching.